README.md, before:

# Electric Car Charger Data Aggregation for Swiss Cantons 🚗⚡

## Overview

Welcome to the Electric Car Charger Data Aggregation project for Swiss Cantons! This repository contains Jupyter Notebooks with code for aggregating and calculating data related to electric car chargers in each canton of Switzerland. Whether you're a data enthusiast, a researcher, or a curious mind, this project aims to provide insights into the electric car charging infrastructure across Swiss regions.

## Project Structure

- **`/data`**: This directory holds raw and processed data files. Raw data is sourced from various public datasets related to electric car chargers, and processed data is stored for easy analysis.

- **`/notebooks`**: Jupyter Notebooks are organized in this directory. Each notebook is dedicated to a specific canton, showcasing the aggregation and calculations performed on electric car charger data.

- **`/images`**: Visualizations and charts generated by the notebooks are stored here. These images provide a quick overview of the data analysis results.

## Getting Started

To explore the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/electric-car-charger-switzerland.git
   cd electric-car-charger-switzerland
   ```

2. Set up your Python environment:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Navigate to the `/notebooks` directory and open the Jupyter Notebooks of the cantons you're interested in.

## Cantonal Analysis

Each Jupyter Notebook focuses on a specific Swiss canton, providing insights into:

- Total number of electric car chargers
- Distribution of charger types (e.g., fast chargers, standard chargers)
- Charger availability and utilization trends

## Contributions

Contributions and feedback are welcome! If you have additional data sources, improvements to the analysis, or want to add support for more cantons, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

---

**Happy Charging! 🌍💡**

Commit message:

A lot of changes to our calculations and other parts

README.md, after:

# Electric Car Charger Data Aggregation for Swiss Cantons 🚗⚡

## Overview

Welcome to the Electric Car Charger Data Aggregation project for Swiss Cantons! This repository contains Jupyter Notebooks with code for aggregating and calculating data related to electric car chargers in each canton of Switzerland. Whether you're a data enthusiast, a researcher, or a curious mind, this project aims to provide insights into the electric car charging infrastructure across Swiss regions.

## Project Structure

- **`/UsedData`**: This directory holds raw and processed data files. Raw data is sourced from various public datasets related to electric car chargers, and processed data is stored for easy analysis.

- **`/notebooks`**: Jupyter Notebooks are organized in this directory. Each notebook is dedicated to a specific canton, showcasing the aggregation and calculations performed on electric car charger data.

- **`/Resuls`**: All the outputs generated in this project will be stored in this folder.

## Getting Started

To explore the project, follow these steps:

Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/analytics_project.git
   cd electric-car-charger-switzerland
   ```

## Data Preparation
Then notebooks charger and join geodata are used to prepare our data for our calculations and to then save them on to our MySQL database.

## Calculation
The notebooks calulcations_linear_regression and calculations_random_tree are the most important, since they contain our calculations.

---

**Happy Charging! 🌍💡**
